32 Types of Jade Plants | Best Jade Varieties
Read about the different Types of Jade Plants and invite good luck and prosperity to your home with these pretty and easy-to-maintain succulents!
Jade plants belong to the crassula genus, and the most important thing to note here is that it is not a single variant. There are different varieties with diverse colors and sizes. If you too want to grow one of them in your home or garden, pick one from the best Types of Jade Plants in this listicle.

Check out our Article on Science-Backed Jade Plant Benefits here
Best Types of Jade Plants
1. Silver Dollar Jade
Types of Jade Plants
Botanical Name: Crassula arborescens


Also known as the blue buddha bush, this succulent is popular for its silver-blue leaves with burgundy edges. It also grows flowers during the winter months.

Want to Grow a Jade Plant into a Tree? Click here
2. Blue Bird Money Plant


Botanical Name: Crassula arborescens blue bird variegata

Variegated leaves of this variety set it apart from the other jade plants, with a blend of aqua, cream, green, and red. The size can be controlled by growing in containers.

3. Gollum Jade

shutterstock/Mlle Sonyah
Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Gollum’


It got its name due to the protruding finger-like foliage. The leaves are tubular in shape and red at the tips—the plant flowers in pink-white blooms in winters.

4. Variegated Gollum Jade

succulentalley
Botanical Name: Crassula ovata gollum variegata


This jade plant variety is slightly bigger than the ‘Gollum’ jade. The leaves are green with an orange tint, red tips, and tubular or spoon-like shapes.

5. Jade Plant

shutterstock/Elena Masiutkina
Botanical Name: Crassula ovata


Crassula ovata is the most common and popular variety and offers oval-shaped thick dark green leaves that grow upward and spans out. It also grows pink-white flowers in winter.

We have addressed the 10 Most Common Jade Plant Problems and Solutions here
6. Botany Bay
Types of Jade Plants 4

Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Botany Bay’

Introduced in 2011, this compact, bushy ovata cultivar flaunts red hues in dry conditions. The fleshy light green leaves have red tips.

7. Harbor Lights

Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Harbor Lights’

The red tinges on the tips of green plumped leaves become more intense in winter, making it more attractive! One of the best types of jade plants on the list!

8. Hobbit



Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Hobbit’

Popular for the dwarf structure, it grows up to not larger than 10-12 inches. The plant has fleshy green leaves and red tips and grows pink-white flowers in early winter.

9. Lady Fingers Jade


Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Skinny fingers’

The jade varieties Gollum, Hobbit, and Ladyfingers look somewhat similar. The only difference is Ladyfingers have much narrower, finger-like leaves.

Want to Grow Jade Plant in Water? Click here
10. Hummel’s Sunset

Crassula ovata @Hummel@s Sunset@ – Jade plant, money tree
Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Hummel’s Sunset’


‘Hummel’s Sunset’ was awarded by the Royal Horticultural Society in 1993 for its striking foliage color. Its leaves turn from green to gold and red in winter.

11. Little Jade Tree

Botanical Name: Crassula ovata ‘Little Jade Tree’

Just like the name, this small and compact variety can grow up to 12-16 inches tall and features oval-shaped green fleshy leaves adorned with red edges.
You Can also read :- https://balconygardenweb.com/types-of-jade-plants-best-varieties/
